Previously on "The Path"...
- Any sign of Eddie?
- His house is full
- of deniers.
- What are they doing there?
They want to reform the movement.
Is it true, what they're
all saying about you?
Steve asked me to guide the movement.
I'm climbing the rungs
with Richard and Felicia,
and when I am ready, I
am going to replace Cal.
Eddie, I've done things.
I've been with someone else.
Go home and deal with it.
Our daughter... I want to see her.
You have your own son now.
We have a son, and you should
let him and everyone know.
Forest.
Forest Roberts.
- Richard, what are you doing?
- Sarah, run!
Sarah blackmailed the people
who came to her for help.
It was my crime, and if
I wanted to pay for it,
I should have been able to.
If you want to be punished,
you don't have to out searching for it.
Your life will be hell.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
No, I-I'm not coming.
I don't want to be a
part of the discussion
about future leadership.
Look, Cal and Eddie can hash it out.
Hold on, someone's at the door.
Who is it?
Felicia, I'm gonna
have to call you back.
- Remember me?
- No.
I'm one of the people you blackmailed.
I lost everything! I tried to kill you.
I tried to run you off the road,
but that wouldn't help.
I wish I could make amends, believe me.
Know that I live with what I did to you.
No. Please.
Live with this.
I know that there is confusion.
I know there's fear and sadness.
But Steve, he asked me to return...
to serve...
to bring hope to a broken movement.
I tried to silence the call,
but it was just too...
Earthquake!
We have to go.
We have to go!
Everybody out!
No, no, no, it's safer here.
No, we have to get out!
Get out of the building!
Everybody out!
Get out!
Anybody else in there?
Hey. We have to go.
We have to go.
- What are we running for?
- I don't know.
- We have to go.
- No, I can't.
It's okay. We have to...
- Dad! Dad!
- No, don't...
Come on! Come on. Come on.
Come on.
What authorities are calling
a freak earthquake caused
a gas-line explosion
at the New York Meyerism Center.
The group's leader, Eddie Lane,
emerged from the flames unharmed.
Meyerist miracle or hoax?
It begins.
Sync and corrections by btsix
www.addic7ed.com
_
Hello?
- Hello.
- Vera Stephens.
I'm here about the position.
Oh, uh... what position?
The one I wrote to you about.
Oh, right. Vera.
You are the... the publicist, right?
Oxford educated... you
worked for Greenpeace...
and Breitbart.
I think they both needed a facelift.
Yeah, no, they, uh...
they look great.
Is there somewhere we
can maybe sit down?
Uh, actually, no, there's not a chair
in the building... just
a big, empty space.
The new New York City Meyerist Center.
Yeah, um, I hope so.
You know, the truth is
a lot of publicists
have thrown their...
their hats in the ring,
and if I felt like I needed one,
you'd be the first person
I would call, truly.
But I just don't think I need one.
I don't want to be your publicist.
But I do think you're gonna need someone
to help you manage the influx of money,
members, and all the general mess
that has arisen now that
you've trended on YouTube...
And become...
- A religious figure/legend.
- Right.
And not to mention handle the media.
I'm sure you've already been inundated
with offers for interviews...
not sure which one to take?
Yeah, "Spirituality Today"
offered me their cover.
Don't take it.
They got readership all over the world.
Only premium, mainstream publications.
I see you on the cover of "The
Sunday Times Magazine"...
"The New Face of Faith"
or something like that, you know?
No fringe. Nothing that puts
you over there with them.
This is about where Meyerism is going,
not where it has been.
First of all, I, uh... I
just want to say thank you
for coming out to...
to celebrate our new
home in New York City.
You know, we've grown a lot
over the past six months,
but the work has just begun.
These are tough times.
Our towns are being ravaged
by substance abuse.
Hate groups are springing
up in our neighborhoods.
We are living within a
politically divided nation
where marginalized groups are feeling
more and more marginalized.
But you are welcome here.
See, I... I've been to The Garden.
I've seen that it's not
just for a chosen few...
but for everyone...
anyone who walks this path.
And that is why I have decided
to take down the guard booth
and leave the gates to The Garden open
so that anyone can enter as they please.
He's gonna get us all killed.
I mean, it seems crazy
to remove security
in times like these, but I'm...
I'm not gonna say anything.
You should. You should say something.
You're the one that's being realistic.
No, I've completely extricated myself
from making any of those
kinds of decisions.
Maybe you should go see a therapist...
a real one, not a Meyerist.
Look, obviously, I'm just getting
to know you again, but you just seem
like you're suffering.
And what that man did
to you in your house...
What I did to that man was horrible.
Right, and that's what therapy is for.
Do you think I'd be able to
sit with you here right now
if I hadn't been talking
to a professional
three times a week?
I'm doing extra sessions
just so I can make it
to the big dinner on Friday.
I'm really sorry.
- I mean, it's been hard.
- I know.
With all the changes
that Eddie has made...
and is making, but...
Talking to you has been
one of the better things
to come of it.
How is Cal doing with all these changes?
No one's heard from him
since the explosions.
I know. Change sucks.
I know you're thinking,
"How the hell am I gonna
reinvent myself?"
What's your name?
Barry.
- Did y'all hear his name?
- No.
No? Okay, come on.
- Barry.
- Come on, come on, come on.
- Yeah, one more time.
- You can do better.
- Barry.
All right, all right.
- Barry what?
- Barry Klein.
Barry Klein... but with conviction!
"Barry Klein! This is who I am!
Barry Klein."
- Barry Klein.
- Yes!
Barry Klein!
All right, all right.
Why are you here today, Barry Klein?
I got fired from my
sales job last month.
Mm-hmm. - And I haven't been able
to get another gig.
But it's not my fault.
The economy is shit.
Ah. Did you hear what I heard?
- I sure did.
- Right.
You want to hire Barry Klein, Mary?
No one wants a man who
won't take responsibility.
That's your thing, isn't it, Barry?
You make excuses for your failure...
blame others.
Economy sucks, the boss
sucks, the wife sucks,
kids suck, am I right?
Who else did that?
Someone else in your life...
Your father?
How'd you know?
Everything in your body told me so.
You see, I used to carry
my mother's alcoholism,
my father's abandonment.
But... I wasn't gonna
live like that anymore.
It was time for me to be my own man.
Do you want that for
yourself, Barry Klein?
Do you want to be your own man?
It's okay, Barry. Just keep letting go.
You listen to Cal, and
you will stop blaming.
You will take responsibility.
And you know how hot that is, Barry?
Everyone wants a responsible man.
I want to be a responsible man.
Great.
Now tell ten friends what
you got from this workshop.
This is your ultimate challenge, Barry.
Your climb, your ladder.
Reinvent yourself.
We look to The Light for peace...
guidance,
and the swift arrival
of the last three rungs.
Thank you for guiding me.
May Bill and your hearts heal.
You might have to give up that hope.
I spent more than 40 years with a man...
A man who thought I made up the story
that is my very foundation.
All this time, he thinks I fell over,
drugged, into a campfire.
Well, it's easy for us
to believe in miracles.
We've experienced them.
I've seen miracles.
And I've seen that it
doesn't make you immune
from corruption.
Well, I'm glad you're
keeping an eye on me.
You need to see something.
Something tried to break in last night.
Yes?
Hey...
I am so sorry.
Um, I'm looking for a Hawk Lane?
That's me.
That's cool.
Uh, I'm Caleb Matthews.
We have a 9:00, I believe.
Yes. Come on in.
Yeah.
- Good to meet you.
- Yeah, you too.
So you're Hawk Lane, huh?
- Is there something...
- No.
Uh, sorry. I was just expecting
some bearded old hippie dude, you know?
Meyerist Movement, Hawk Lane.
It's kind of a...
- No?
- No.
All right, sorry. That
was a bad opening line.
I should probably try that again.
Yeah, not the best. Have a seat.
Okay.
Ah, um...
Yeah, so, our youth
group, Musa, we're um...
And what does that stand for?
Oh, it kind of means, um...
Someone with a distinct personality...
a charmer.
It says here your... father
is the pastor of the biggest church
- in Westchester.
- Yeah.
Why apply to use our interfaith space?
Why not just use your dad's church?
Our interfaith space is reserved
for groups in need.
Well, first of all,
like you said, my dad's
church is in Westchester.
And I think that our youth group
would have a wider reach
here in the city.
You know, can I just be honest with you?
We are all about honesty here.
I'm looking to kind of individuate
from my dad and his word...
find my own word.
Or... I don't know. How
can I say this better?
Uh...
I want our group to be able to talk...
without our parents looking
over our shoulder.
I've been a Meyerist for two years.
You know my story?
Ah, I'm afraid I don't.
I was supposed to replace
the hot-water heater
in my house.
I told my wife I did it.
But I didn't.
It exploded.
My son was injured.
I'm sorry.
Badly burned.
He's had six surgeries.
But the scars...
I live with such self-hatred...
Which is why I joined your movement.
And it was working...
The White Rooms, the green juice.
U-under Eddie's guardianship,
we strive to forgive ourselves.
I don't want to forgive myself.
- I'm sorry?
- I want to be punished.
It's the only time I feel
peace from what I did.
I need to be punished.
Can you understand that?
Six thou... Hey.
We made $6,000 last month.
Can you believe that?
Where's Forest's Sophie? Huh?
I've been sending out
pamphlets everywhere,
and I have some really big
leads in Jacksonville.
Mary, there were only 12
people at that workshop.
Well, you have to start somewhere.
Shh, shh, shh, shh.
Shh, shh, shh, shh, shh.
I was the leader of a movement
with thousands of people.
I already started.
This is doubling back.
Hey, you're gonna have the crowds again.
That was your best workshop yet,
and Barry Klein... he's gonna
tell everyone he knows.
Oh, great. Barry Klein's friends.
They need you. You... you were magic.
- You saw right through him.
- You prescreened him.
You told me everything about
him... about his father.
There was no magic...
The way you did it, it felt like magic.
Hey, come on. Come on.
Please? I love this song.
Ah...
Please?
$6,000.
- $6,000!
- Uh-huh.
You're gonna be playing stadiums, baby.
Okay.
Oh...
Hey, Small Saul. What's up?
Boss needs you.
Hey.
I'm in a bad way I need you big-time.
Uh, okay. What's going on, Harold?
She's bringing the new guy
to the twins' graduation.
- I don't think I can go.
- No, of course you're going.
This guy's, like, some
kind of financial dude,
and they'll ask questions,
like how I'm doing, and...
- You'll answer them.
- And say what?
- What do I say?
- The truth.
You've been diagnosed with PCS.
You wake up with crushing
pain in your body.
Sometimes you don't know who
you are or where you are,
but you're fighting...
for them, their future
because you love them.
And you wouldn't miss their
high-school graduation
for anything in the world.
Okay.
Wow.
"Climb Your Ladder with
Cal." That was so cool.
That workshop... if I hadn't
taken that, I'd be so fucked.
Well, you did take it,
and you have me now...
24-hour service.
Saul, book his ticket.
What ticket?
To Boston, for the graduation.
Thanks, man. I need you on this.
Here are the pills. Don't forget.
Gaby, make sure Hank brings
Russel the altitude pills.
Apparently he's sick as a dog.
Pills. Packed. Done.
- Gab, remind me.
- I'm so nervous.
There's nothing to be worried about.
I just wish your dad was
here... she's his sister, too,
and he would have something
to say about it.
Well, he would be if you
hadn't transgressed.
He needs his recovery time.
She's here.
- Hey.
- Hi.
Come on in.
Mom, Dad.
No husband? Where are the kids?
Mom, can we just get through
tonight? Then we'll see.
Healing is not gonna
happen overnight, Gab.
- Come here.
- Daddy.
Hi.
- Hey.
- Daddy.
Hi.
Tessa. I love that you're here.
Thanks. It's good to be here.
Wine?
- Yes.
- Good.
Hey, uh, Uncle Eddie, did
you hear that Hawk made
a decision to loan the interfaith space
to a born-again mega-church group?
I felt their need was sincere, so...
Their beliefs couldn't be
more diametrically opposed
to ours, so...
Well, that's what the
interfaith space is for...
to expose different
faiths to each other.
Helps us keep an open mind.
Speaking of open minds,
how about that press conference, huh?
Taking down walls
when the whole world
is building them up.
Sarah told me about that.
I think it's a little nuts,
with all the violence
against others right now.
And you guys are others.
What's that supposed to mean?
Well, it just means you're a cult,
and people still think of you as a cult.
Okay, I really resent that.
- Not now.
- Tessa, we are not a cult.
And people are gonna
stop seeing us that way.
Okay, then, why don't we
put the food on the table?
- Yeah, that's a good idea.
- All right.
- You all right?
- Great.
That's a nice shirt.
Vera pick it out for you?
Look, we just work
together. That is all.
Anyway, let's not get
into that right now.
Here's something interesting.
I had a Meyerist today that,
uh, really got to me.
He wants to be punished.
But now that you've gotten
rid of all the White Rooms,
how do we help people who are
really struggling with that?
It's easy to be punished.
It's harder to forgive yourself.
Maybe.
But I was reading Steve's
early writings on penance,
and it seems that before
he came to realignment,
he was experimenting with...
more severe forms.
The HC.
Do you know what that is?
Are you sure you're asking
for someone else...
and not for yourself?
Why don't you put the
eggplant on the table?
Hey. Sarah, you can talk to me.
Yeah.
Look, before we start dinner,
I think you should see...
this.
Vera is going to slap him
with a cease and desist.
He can't use Meyerism like this.
Well, I mean, you said The
Light is for everyone.
This isn't The Light.
This is Cal exploiting the message
for his own personal gain.
Anyways, I just thought that you...
should know, in case he...
In case we're still talking?
Because we're not.
Won't you join us, my children?
Come on, kids, it's time for dinner.
Go this way, this way. Come on.
I hate first shift.
Stop it. At least we're outside.
It's better than kitchen duty.
Oh, God.
No one will blame you if
you restore security.
It took every ounce of resolve
to embrace this calling.
I am in it now.
I'm doing things my way.
This is about the people's safety.
I know that.
Give me a chance to fuck up.
What are you gonna do
about whatever it is that did this?
I'm going to take care of it.
In the meantime...
prepare to restore our land
for the life of these creatures.
Have you seen that gray shirt
of mine that Harold likes?
I washed it. It's hanging
in the bathroom.
Okay.
Don't be so upset. So what?
You have to go to Boston
for a couple days?
You don't have to manage
Harold's every mood swing.
Cal, we had nothing. Now we
have free rent, free food.
We can use the pool...
Why don't you use the pool, Mary?
I'll go help Harold call his mother
or whatever he can't
do on his own today.
Yes, I'm coming.
- What's Harold need now?
- It's not Harold.
Someone upstairs for you.
Can we talk?
Do you think we'll ever
be a real family again?
Hey, we are a real family.
What is it?
Oh, it's nothing. It's just a...
just a deer outside.
All right. I think it's
sleepy time now, kiddo, okay?
But I mean, like... you and
Mom in the same house.
Okay.
Hey.
Me and your mom are going to love you
and take care of you always, okay?
But we're not gonna live together again.
Plus, I have new responsibilities now.
I have to be everyone's father.
Why?
That's just the way it is, kiddo.
I don't have a choice.
But... what if...
you were just my dad again?
How about I promise you
that I will always love you most of all?
Okay.
Our secret. All right?
Mwah.
Good night.
Ah, shit.
- God, Eddie!
- Sorry.
I'm sorry.
So I guess, then,
the dead rabbits got to you, too.
You know what? We can reinstate security
and not say a thing about it.
No, I just gave my word
at a press conference. I'm not gonna...
Like that matters.
Look, security is for cults.
Oh, come on, you think mosques
and synagogues aren't
adding cameras and guards?
We... Don't let the past
make you unrealistic, Eddie.
We can spin this however we need.
Well, I don't spin things.
I do.
Look, every time I have to speak, I...
I pray for the words to come, okay?
And this time they came, and they said,
"Open up the gates."
You think I'm nuts, don't you?
- No, I didn't say...
- No, no, no.
Yeah, no... it's all right.
You're not the only one.
Ah, what are you? I
forget... what, an atheist?
Adjacent.
So you think all of
this is just nonsense?
I didn't say that.
Look...
- I believe in you...
- Mm.
Even if I do not know what
to make of The Light.
And it's really fulfilling
to finally sell something I believe in.
Well, you know, I'm just a vessel
for The Light.
You don't feel like...
just a vessel for The Light.
I can't.
Sorry. Um...
The...
The real reason I stopped by...
tomorrow, at the restoration,
it's a great opportunity
to remind everyone that you once
walked a pregnant woman through fire.
And you'll do it again. You
will keep everyone safe.
Okay.
What brings you to Florida?
Eddie's gonna slap you
with a cease and desist.
Copyright infringement. I
thought you should know.
Eddie?
It's not coming from
him. He hired an SL.
"Secular liaison." That's
how he explains it.
She's a publicist.
The young people love her.
She knows how to tweet... whatever.
She's very attractive and influential.
Are you here to make him jealous?
No. I'm here to warn you
to cease and desist.
Do you ever think
about the horrible things we did?
I'm distracted by surviving these days.
Why did you leave after the explosion?
Eddie wasn't gonna kick you out.
- What can I get you?
- I-I'm good, thank you.
Thank you.
I couldn't stick around and
play second fiddle to God.
That seems like a much better
life than you have now.
I mean, "Climb Your Personal
Ladder with Cal Roberts"?
Eddie... Eddie is real.
And I'm fake, and... and... and...
uh, that's very hard to live with.
Maybe he just got lucky. You don't know.
Unexplained things happen all the time.
What, you don't believe in him?
I just don't know, Cal.
I wasn't there.
Every morning I wake up,
the first thing that
I see is Mark Fuller
taking his life in my foyer...
and the last thing I see...
at night before I go to sleep.
Now, every Meyerist
self-forgiveness workshop
in the world can't help,
and you're the only person I can tell,
because it all began with Silas.
I don't know what I
can do to help you...
I've been reading Steve's old journals
from the early days, and
he writes about something
he was experimenting with... The HC.
He describes it as "the
most effective relief
from the haunting of
a prior Transgress."
Do you know anything about The HC?
Mm-mm.
No, I... I believe you do.
You were mentioned often in
the writing from that time.
No, I was just a kid.
I wouldn't ask if I weren't desperate.
Now, maybe we can help each other.
Maybe if we're both punished,
we can have a second chance at life.
Yeah, I should get home.
Obviously, it makes Mary uncomfortable
that we're talking.
Um, I'll make it clear to her that...
it was about the cease and desist.
Forest is my biggest concern now.
I want to unburden.
We want to take on your burden.
I am the hopes and dreams of my parents.
They have slaved, borrowed,
begged to send me
to the Stern School of Business.
Someday I will pay them back
and send money home to all the relatives
who are praying for me in Tacloban.
And all my relatives will
talk about my family
like they are Jesus and Mary and Joseph.
I will make everyone so
proud, they could die,
except that now, for the
first time in my life,
I am making decisions for myself,
and I am killing everyone's hope.
No, Monica.
We have to become our own beings.
You're not killing their hope.
They have no right to
pin their hopes on you.
The Parental Lid keeps us
from our full potential.
We have to remove the PL in order to...
Hey. Yeah, I'm... I'm sorry
to interrupt you guys.
I'm Caleb. Caleb Matthews.
Hawk, do you have a second?
Yeah.
Be right back.
Who's that? Is he new?
Hey.
Uh, yeah, I'm sorry to ask this.
I realize we're extremely
lucky to be here,
but we have a lot of really young people
in our prayer circle,
and, I don't know, the smell of pot
just kind of makes them
uncomfortable, you know?
I understand.
But the purpose of our interfaith space
is to expose different
religions to each other.
So I'm guessing that's a no?
And it's not pot.
It's a sacred herb we use to
deepen our consciousness.
Harold!
I... come on, I know you're in there.
I'm gonna call the police if
you don't answer the door
in five...
Four...
three...
Oh...
- I can't do it.
- An hour...
I left you here for an hour.
- I can't see her with him.
- What about pills?
Did you take them, too? Huh?
Just a few to help with the anxiety.
Right, yeah, the whole bottle, huh?
The twins think I'm a failure.
No, you think you're a failure.
My hand hurts, man. I got
to take it easy today.
- The doctor...
- No, I'm the...
I'm the doctor, Harold.
I am the only doctor.
And you are... you're gonna...
you're going into the bathroom.
You're gonna stick your
finger down your throat,
and then I'm gonna give
you three shots of B12
in your ass, and then
we'll get in the car,
and... and... and we'll go to see
the twins graduate from high school.
All right?
Oh, um...
you once led the league
with 11 interceptions.
All right? Now, remember who you are.
Yeah? Good, good, good!
Now, get all this shit
out of your system,
and I will be waiting right here.
- I'll be waiting right here.
- Thank you.
All right. All right, all right.
Cal.
Hey, I'm in Boston for work.
Are you okay?
The Hypoxian Cleanse.
- Yes.
- It's, um...
It's remarkable.
I know that there are concerns
with what is in the woods.
Do you think we should tighten security
until the threat is gone? I think so...
We are nervous, Eddie.
And we have to be realistic.
There is someone in our woods,
and, potentially, they are armed.
Yeah, you know, we can
put together teams
and do a search.
Let's get that.
I would not be standing
here today with my son
if it weren't for this man, Eddie Lane.
How can you doubt him after that?
You bore witness. He saved me.
Walk with Eddie Lane, and
you walk with The Light.
You are safe.
Today we ask The Light to forgive us
for the blood taken on this land.
May the pain and suffering
of the dead be transcended.
From many...
we are one.
From many, we are one.
Thank you, guys. Thank you.
Hey, Sarah.
Look, I just wanted to say
that I am going to take care of this.
Okay? Whatever is in the
woods, I promise you.
And I promise you.
Okay?
Be careful, Eddie.
It's easy for the true Light
to be obscured by the
flash of the cameras.
That was amazing.
I'll get that on the Website.
And, uh, smart of me to
bring in Candace, huh?
Don't pull shit like that ever again.
And don't tape anything
without asking me first.
Okay, I changed all your software.
I added an extra layer of
encryption to everything.
Thanks.
You should be changing your
passwords every week, Vera.
Are you listening to me?
You don't take this seriously,
but they're watching, okay?
There are people watching
and... and people who know.
Not just the government, people
who are tapped into us...
I hear you. I'll change my passwords.
What's the matter?
Nothing.
Can I, um...
can I make you feel better?
Okay.
But I'm not having dinner with you.
Someday...
I will break you down...
And you will have dinner with me.
Mmm.
I'm just focused on my career right now.
Steve knew our natural human instinct
was toward destruction.
I blackmailed people.
I let Silas remain in the ground.
I had relations with Cal.
Don't stop.
This will make Petey feel better.
You bring him in next week,
and we'll see how he's doing.
Is he going to die of the cancer?
He'll probably outlive all of us.
We have to suffocate the Transgress.
I... I killed Mark Fuller.
I killed Mark Fuller.
That's not it, Sarah.
What are you really afraid of?
Richard...
I know I'm responsible
for Richard's death.
What future Transgress do you need...
to choke from your body?
The Hypoxian Cleanse only works
if you say the words.
Meyerism...
doesn't work for me anymore.
It doesn't work.
Hey, Mom.
Mom, got us some dinner.
Hello?
Hey, who's out there?
Just come out.
All right?
Please, I'm not gonna hurt you.
Sync and corrections by btsix
www.addic7ed.com
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org